# Brainfuck Compiler and Interpreter

This repository contains a Brainfuck compiler and interpreter written in C++. You can use these tools to compile Brainfuck source code into bytecode and then execute it.

## Prerequisites

Before using the Brainfuck compiler and interpreter, you need to have the following tools installed on your system:

- C++ compiler (e.g., g++)
- Make (optional but recommended for building)

## Compilation

To compile the Brainfuck compiler and interpreter, you can use the provided Makefile. There are three build targets:

- `all`: Compiles both the compiler and interpreter.
- `compile`: Compiles only the compiler.
- `interpreter`: Compiles only the interpreter.

To compile both the compiler and interpreter, execute the following command:

```shell
make all
```

To compile only the compiler, execute the following command:

```shell
make compiler
```

To compile only the interpreter, execute the following command:

```shell
make interpreter
```

## Usage

### Compiler

The Brainfuck compiler can be used to compile Brainfuck source code into bytecode. It takes two command-line arguments:

1. The path to the Brainfuck source code file.
2. The path where the compiled bytecode will be stored.

Example usage:

```shell
./bin/bf_compiler testing/hello_world.bf bytecode.bin
```

### Interpreter

The Brainfuck interpreter is used to execute bytecode generated by the compiler. It takes one command-line argument:

1. The path to the compiled bytecode file.

Example usage:

```shell
./bin/bf_interpreter bytecode.bin
```

## Sample Files

Sample Brainfuck source code files are provided in the `testing` directory for testing the compiler and interpreter.
